Copyright 2019 Samantha Oldenburg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

This software is not used in a live production server. This includes
any instance of the application using this software that is accessible
by entities that are not within the company of the person obtaining a
copy of this software.

This software is used only for development and debugging of a an
application in such a way that prevents third parties (including and
not limited to clients of the person obtaining a copy of this software
and entities without any relationship to the person obtaining a copy
of this software and their application) cannot access or use any
feature of this software.

Any person who uses, copies, modifies, publishes, distributes,
sublicenses, and/or sells copies of the Software MUST acknowledge that
this software is dangerous, and easily capable of inflicting
irreversible damage to any application or system that uses this
software.

Any persons who uses this software or any derivatives of it must have
a robust procedure in place to ensure this software is either not
present in a production enviroment, or is disabled in such a way that
it cannot be enabled while in a production environment.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

AS THE AUTHOR AND OWNER OF THIS SOFTWARE, I SWEAR TO GOD HERSELF THAT
IF I FIND OUT THAT SOMEONE IS USING THIS SOFTWARE IN A PRODUCTION
ENVIRONMENT I WILL SUE THEM, ON THE BASIS OF INFRINGEMENT OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, FOR EVERY CENT THAT THEY OWN. I WILL DO SO
EAGERLY BECAUSE HAVING A HUGE SECURITY VULNERABILITY THAT CAN RUIN THE
LIVES OF PEOPLE THAT TRUST YOU AND YOUR APPLICATION IS NOT PUNISHMENT
ENOUGH FOR UNLEASHING THIS CODE INTO A ENVIRONMENT WHERE IT CAN DO
ACTUAL DAMAGE.